add helix mev relay proposer equivocation bug (#10)
asymmetric-research/security-advisories: README.md

| [Ethereum - Ghost in the Block](./advisories/2024-09-19_ethereum-ghost-in-the-block.md) | Slight nuances in SSZ deserialization between the Prysm and Lighthouse clients could have allowed an attacker to degrade Ethereum consensus. | [Giuseppe Cocomazzi](https://www.sbudella.altervista.org) | 
| [CometBFT - Missing BLS12-381 Public Key Validation](./advisories/2024-09-25_cometbft-bls12381-key-validation.md) | Omission of the subgroup check for public keys allows for computations in small subgroups. | [Giuseppe Cocomazzi](https://www.sbudella.altervista.org) |
| [CometBFT - Wrong BLS12-381 Signature Generation](./advisories/2024-09-25_cometbft-bls12381-double-hash.md) | A further hashing operation weakens the second-preimage resistance of the signatures. | [Giuseppe Cocomazzi](https://www.sbudella.altervista.org) |

> | [Corrupt Commitments: Proposer Equivocation Bug in Helix MEV Relay](./advisories/2024-12-06_helix-mev-relay_proposer-equivocation-bug.md) | Vullnerability in Titan's Helix MEV Relay which could be abused by trusted proposers to perform equivocation attacks. | [Troy Sargent](https://x.com/0xalpharush) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Corrupt Commitments: Proposer Equivocation Bug in Helix MEV Relay](./advisories/2024-12-06_helix-mev-relay_proposer-equivocation-bug.md) | How a lack of validation on proposers’ commitments to blob data can be used in unbundling attacks. | [Troy Sargent](https://x.com/0xalpharush) |
```
